so I would love to call you sometime you
have a car of course great look forward
to hearing from these shoes you are you
hearing from me or am I getting a call
we'll talk we'll get in touch oh no see
you did it again very vague you know
what let's just say that you'll call me
and then we can skip all the nonsense
goodbye usually he was cute and these
don't cyber stop caring
[Music]
you don't ever feel like we're going
against nature by not getting married no
going against nature is like the cat who
suckled that monkey I married it I'll do
this to our friends yeah you know you
may be the best friend I've ever had
I think I figured it out he is not
interested
[Music]
stop
call your voicemail I was just calling
to tell you again how special it was to
meet you
call me back whoa Jenny Jenny Jenny I
was just caught well what numbers I just
Oh
[Music]